# Nuo-ASTIG
A WEB-BASED CONSUMER TO CONSUMER MARKETPLACE FOR FILIPINO ARTWORKS AND ARTISTIC SERVICES 
#(Created using ASP.NET BLAZOR)

The Philippine art scene was always rich and kaleidoscopic. Filipino artists are growing and continuing to evolve. Communities are formed in social-medias, and the digital reach of various artworks, drawings, paintings, or digital art are easily spread publicly. The internet is filled with artworks crafted through hours of skills by Filipino artisans. According to Artwork Archive, “The social media boom means artists no longer have to rely solely on galleries and the art world elite to validate their success. Instead, the masses following your social media accounts are proof enough. [1]” This is in consonance with what J. Vergès (2015) state, the Internet is a new distribution channel of the art market implying immediate and global accessibility with low social and cultural barriers [2]. 
With this growth in mind, it developed a market opportunity to famous or non-famous artists; to profit from their talent is a big benefit. Commissions and artworks are being sold every day in the Philippine’s internet space. Different artists with diverse medium and art styles are becoming an in-demand trend. For Consumers, finding an editor or sketch artist isn’t hard but searching for the right fit for the job you want and the budget you had may be a little hard. For the Artists, according to initial interview/and survey conducted by the proponents, having a right balance of effort and talent fee seldom happens. A hub or centralization for all of this business to take place is in dire need.  

An artist’s earnings should always be correct and valued by his/her own work or expertise. But most of the time people short or cheap out their talent fees. Major examples are logos. Professional logos start around 100 USD (4,836.60 PHP) [3], while here in the Philippines, the most common price in social media is 200 PHP to 500 PHP. Another big problem in social media art transactions are its high probability of scams and frauds. 
Through these dilemmas, the researcher proposes a study that will develop a tool to simplify artwork transactions or services in the Philippines. It is a web-based consumer to consumer marketplace for Filipino artworks and artistic services devoted to providing safe dealings and promote a career in artistry in the nation. 
The e-commerce website will feature a consumer account registration (works as a Buyer and an Artist) entailed with proper databases. In terms of Artists, it is also subdivided into 2 categories (Professional and Amateur artists). The whole product line will be classified into two; the tangible artwork products (sketch, prints, framed drawings, sculptures etc.) and the service products (logo creation, video editing, 3D modeling, animation, custom cartoon avatar etc.). The consumer account can do both buying artworks or availing art services. Basic shopping cart function, product/artist rating system, consumer to consumer messaging, payment / shipping options, social media integration, promotion system, consumer relations feature etc. will also be boasted in the web-app. 

For the website expenses and maintenance, the developers of the platform shall have a commission of 2% per transaction (2% as Transaction Fee which is 0.24% lower than Shoppee’s). The said commission will be utilized for the further development of the platform.
